---
layout: post

class: 英二
day: eight
---

## Contents

- Textbook Update
- Notebook Material
	- Words of Wisdom
	- Trailers

## Textbook Update

By the second midterm, be done until page 83.
By final exam, be done with the book.

## Notebook Material

### Words of Wisdom

"Every time you feel yourself being pulled into other people's nonsense, repeat these words: 'not my circus, not my monkeys.'" 

"Be selective with your battles. Sometimes peace is better than being right."

select, v. = 選擇
selective, adj. = 小心選的
battle, n./v. = 戰鬥
	e.g. A war has many battles.
	e.g. They won the battle but we will win the war.
to be right = 是對的
peace, n. = 和平

"Sometimes your heart needs more time to accept what your mind already knows."
accept, v. = 接受

"Distance doesn't separate people... Silence does."
distance, n. = 距離
silence, n./v. = 安靜

What usually happens on Facebook on people's birthdays?
remind, v. = 提醒
Facebook will remind you and your friends about your birthday.
Your friends will send you birthday wishes.
They will send private messages, and post a message on your wall.
When my birthday comes I change my facebook settings.
My friends are still reminded of my birthday. I can't change that. 
But they can't post anything on my wall.
I used to reply to birthday wishes messages on my wall with a simple 'thank you' or 'thanks', but then I thought it was too boring and automatic. My thanks lacked personality.
So I started writing longer 'thank you' messages, like "Thank youuuuu!", and "Thank you very much!!!", and "Thanks :)".
But then I thought, this too was boring and a nuisance.


"Even though there are days I wish I could change some things that happened in the past, there's a reason the rear view mirror is so small and the windshield is so big, where you're headed is much more important than what you've left behind."
windshield, n. = 

### Lyrics

#### Whatever Lola Wants, by Nina Simone

{% include lyrics/Sarah-Vaughan-Whatever-Lola-Wants.md %}


### Winnie The Pooh & Piglet 

Some of Pooh's other friends include: Tigger the Tiger, Eeyore the depressed donkey, an owl, a rabbit.

Winnie The Pooh is an optimist.
Eeyore is a pessimist.

optimist, adj. = 樂觀
pessimist, adj. = 悲觀


